Hey Oh since the airport taxes show I'm
very very excited right now
we get to talk about something it
doesn't really get more important than
this our republic is at stake when you
watched I don't say if you watched when
you watch the Cavanaugh hearings you saw
that we've come to a pass in the way we
do business in America that ought to be
disturbing to everyone who understands
why America is great what has made her
great and so would it be wonderful if
somebody had written a book on what
really went on during the Cavanaugh
hearings and happily two friends of mine
I call them friends because what can
they say
Molly Hemingway and Cary Severino have a
hugely best-selling book right now
called justice on trial the Cavanaugh
confirmation in the future of the
Supreme Court Molly and Cary welcome the
program it's great to be here can you
tell I'm excited I'm really so thrilled
that you you wrote this book now you
must have written it in the hurry oh
yeah it was it was a very fast
turnaround time but well and
particularly because we interviewed more
than 100 people including the blonde and
including the President of the United
States several Supreme Court justices
dozens of senators so it was a lot of
interviewing a lot of research but we
are really happy that we did it we
wanted to do it quickly we wanted to get
it out immediately before one of the
issues of why we'd wanted to do it Cary
clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas and
she she knew from going through very
clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas yeah
and you know we saw with his
confirmation at the time he was
confirmed two to one Americans believed
him over and eat a hill yeah but in the
ensuing decades we've just had a
drumbeat of misinformation of
revisionist history and I think if you
took those numbers today they would be
flipped why I wanted to make sure that
didn't happen to another justice and the
Supreme Court were already see we you
know so much of his confirmation was
like right out of the PlayBook of what
they did to Justice Thomas and I don't
want them to be able to take that final
step of just discrediting him with a
false narrative so that's what we wanted
to get the true story out you say was
out of the playbook um it was another
playbook but it was much worse I
remember
the Thomas hearings and just recently
Myron magnet has written a really
terrific book about Clara's Tommen's
Clarence Thomas in The Lost Constitution
and he goes into this whole thing but
most people I think were taken aback at
the level of vitriol screech eNOS and
others it's one thing to lie it's
another thing to lie in the way that
that some people did you know it's sort
of like their white lies and then
there's a gradation and what happened in
the Cavanaugh hearings I know that I've
never seen it in my lifetime at what
point did the two of you decide you must
write this book because you both do a
lot of different things I'm just curious
at you what was your way into this well
we were both involved in different ways
I covered the Cavanaugh hearings I broke
some stories related to it Kari was
actually involved in trying to secure
his nomination so we thought we knew a
lot about what was going on we thought
we had good access and then once we
started writing about it we realized we
didn't even have any idea what we didn't
know but I think it was just knowing
that even after everything had happened
even after he'd been confirmed you were
seeing people just decide that even
though there had never been any evidence
to support these outrageous allegations
that they were just going to call him
these names or slur him and we knew that
there was an interesting story to tell
we knew that other people were going to
be telling stories that were inaccurate
and we wanted to get we wanted to get
the right thing and we knew if we had to
do it we had to do it together because
well behalf the United States of America
I want to say thank you on behalf of
freedom lovers around the world I want
to say thank you because I really do
think that what we saw in the Cavanaugh
hearings it really must never happen
again Americans need to be educated on
why this was corrosive to everything
that is good and that it was pure power
brokering so if people are ready to tune
out what is let's start what is the most
shocking thing you learned in this book
that we might not have known from the
coverage that we got oh wow we have so
many you know one of the things that I
loved was the stories of courage
actually the seeing the people who
really helped get this across the finish
line and some of them people like the
president and
and standing up and you had we we found
stories even of Republican senators
telling him it's time it's time to cut
this guy loose and I would realize that
high levels you not named those senators
oh we know who they are bar they in the
book he didn't mention them in the book
we do you do mention we do get into
including like a story not just people
trying to convince President Trump to
back out but even trying to convince
other senators at one point a senator
comes right in the middle of the
confirmation hearings after Christine
Blasi Ford has had her has her hearing
and everyone thinks that it's lights out
game over this one Republican senator
who I think people would be surprised to
it is no wait wait is that is that
Senator mention in the book yes he goes
to he goes to senator Susan Collins and
says why don't we go to the White House
and get them to drop Cavanaugh and will
propose a different person and she says
and we were really interested in how
much current she showed to to pick up on
it um she says no I believe in due
process I want to hear from him Susan
Collins Susie's always an amazing model
of currently moderate from Maine had she
said that she believes in she had more
backbone than ten senators who everyone
would regard is oh these are clearly the
Consol warts I don't know why now why do
you feel that you can't mention the
Senators name so we owe me the page we
we have had so much access to people and
they gave us so much information
occasionally with restrictions on what
we could say about it oh okay well let
me just say that I think this is the
most staggering take away from me and I
want your reaction to this was that as I
watched this unfold I was sure that
people that I would have otherwise
looked up to like for example President
George W Bush would have folded at a
place where President Trump refused to
fold that makes me sick to think about
but anybody who wasn't ever Trumper or
who thought that Trump didn't care about
the ideology of his appointees it really
was a moment for the whole country where
the president I think gave backbone to
those in his party like maybe the ones
to whom you're alluding who otherwise
would have very
happily done the politically expedient
thing yeah and we had that conversation
a lot with a lot of people who were
involved in the process who knew the
Cavanaugh is about what would another
Republican president had have done and I
really think it was it was amazing that
that Trump stood by him through this
process and the scary thing is think
about what had happened if he had not
gotten across the finish line
if if the if the message was sent to the
Democrats you know what when you do
these kind of smears against nominee
will will surrender that is just a
guarantee that every single nomination
from here on out you're gonna have that
if they view that as a win that's part
that's again one of the reasons we wrote
justice on trials we want everyone to
know how what happened here so that it
doesn't encourage the same kind of
underhanded techniques in future
nominations because we're really worried
I mean one of the things we learned is
that Ashleigh Cavanaugh before he was
even nominated was literally praying
that he would not get this job and why
why well she was saying let this cup
pass for me the prayer the prayer that
jesus prayed in the Garden of Gethsemane
because she had already been through a
very difficult confirmation hearing with
her husband before his confirmation if -
yes because he had to get nominated
twice for that one seat in the appellate
court because the Democrats were so
opposed to him she knew it was it was
gonna be ugly of course she could not
have imagined how it got and she thought
you know we've got a great job we have a
great life everything you've got it life
life tenure you know it's a wonderful
honor but we don't we don't need this
and if that's what she was saying before
this how are we gonna get good men and
women to take up positions in public
service after after this we have to make
sure that doesn't happen again well I
guess you know we talked about the
tactics that were used to try to derail
him and I find it it's almost like we're
we ourselves are moving the bar if our
outrage isn't sufficient in other words
to my mind correct me if I'm wrong what
the Democrats did is nothing less than
despicable and I would suggest at least
potentially criminal in other words if
you knowingly lie about someone in
public and if you do what it seems
chrystine Blasi ford did there ought to
be a price now because if someone did
that to me tomorrow just made up lies
and try to ruin my life knowing that
these were false it seems to me there
have to be like your your legal eagles
and I'm not but in America it doesn't
seem well not to be able to get away
with that and perhaps she felt that she
could get away with that well there were
some people involved in this that were
actually referred for prosecution I mean
Michael avenatti for example he's got a
lot of a lot of other legal issues on
his plate but he was he was referred
with his client Julie sweat Nick for for
the this was the gang rape allegation
that hit later on which we actually
detail an injustice on trial of how that
was such an outrageous allegation that
it actually helped Kavanagh that was
kind of when a lot of people on the
Cavanaugh team knew they were gonna be
okay but because they've gone a step too
far so there are some people who have
been referred but I think there probably
could be more done it's not just that
people need to have sufficient outrage
though they need to have it based in
knowledge and that's one of the things
that we try to do to injustice on trial
we are looking at the connections
between different liberal activist
groups how they paid for protesters to
make a circus of hearings right well
when Diane Feinstein got the original
letter from Christine Blasi Ford she
didn't alert the FBI she didn't go
through the normal Senate procedures she
hired or she contacted an attorney who
is well known for her Democratic PR
efforts these are things that are
important for people to know so that if
it happens again and when it happens
again cuz it will but they aren't taken
by surprise let me hit pause we'll be
right back folks the book is justice on
trial the Cavanaugh confirmation and the
future of the Supreme Court and I might
add the future of freedom in the world
we'll be right back
hey there folks it's here context to
show you could tell because the
Partridge Family music I have in the
studio the authors of I think I can call
it a blockbuster new book justice on
trial the Cavanaugh confirmation in the
future of the Supreme Court Molly
Hemingway's a senior editor at The
Federalist Carrie Savarino is chief
counsel and policy director of the
judicial crisis network again welcome
this is so exciting because to me the
future of democracy I'm trying not to
exaggerate depends on the American
population having clarity on what we
would not have clarity about without a
book like yours in fact without your
book so this is this is a big deal we
were just talking during the break about
actionable offenses if somebody in
America
up till now as far as I can tell lies
about rape or anything horrible like
that that's a criminal offense that you
don't lie about rape knowingly because
you know that if I'm caught I could go
to jail am I wrong about that well
they're certainly laws the book in
particular what we're having you know
there was a question here about lying to
Congress which is a which is a much more
serious offense there are a lot of it
was interesting there's a lot of
discussion throughout the process of
getting ready for the hearing saying
well there needs to be more
investigation by the FBI because there's
a high you can't lie to the FBI but what
a lot of people didn't know is the same
penalty in fact the same federal statute
about lying to the FBI applies to lying
to Congress so you can't lie to Congress
either and that got several people in
trouble where they put things out on
Twitter or they wrote fake letters that
they later admitted oh yeah I actually
that wasn't my story I just thought it
was so important I had to tell this you
know crazy stuff it was also true that
people were lying but not but once they
got called in front of Congress then
truth was coming out so for instance
after these first blockbuster
allegations come out against Cavanaugh
were told that his accuser is so
traumatized that she is unable to fly in
a plane and the media take this
completely credulous Lea they say oh
she's so traumatized she can't fly in a
plane well she makes it out to the
hearing and when she isn't Ramat eyes
about something that happened like 40
years ago well
but that's her that's what we're told
and that's what the media say is true
and then when she gets out there when
she's asked questions by this sex crimes
prosecutor Rachel Mitchell who we just
came to really respect what she was
doing here she just asks her a gentle
line of questioning about so you're
afraid to fly and she's you know affirms
that she is and then starts going
through her extensive global travel she
actually the accuser Christine Blasi
Ford likes to surf in exotic locations
which require flying you know 14 hours
over the ocean and just seeing that you
are saying it take Amtrak to Maui
apparently not it really it's some
senators need to learn but looking
through these stories and having a
little bit of a more critical eye than
what so many people in the media had
Christine Blasi Ford said that she had
and she said she had four eye witnesses
and they each and every one of them said
that they had no recollection of what
she was okay why wouldn't somebody like
that go to jail I just don't understand
if somebody lied about me that way in
public and I knew that it was completely
fabricated I know this happened to
Tucker Carlson some years ago somebody
just decided they hated him
ideologically so they're gonna make up
specific lies to take him down and he
has to spend money and he has to spend
you know sleepless nights and on and on
and on if somebody does that in America
it seems to me very clear that that's a
crime what am I missing
well this is one of was one of the real
challenges with this initial allegation
is it was so vague I mean it wasn't
there's it's sometime in a year it's
sometime you know it's there's no date
there's not a real location so you know
if you said on July 7th you know at this
party it's so-and-so so you can say oh
actually especially if you happen to be
you know the one person in America who
really does keep calendars from in
detail from these years you could say
actually no I was you know I was at
Grammys house that weekend or I was I
was grounded that way you could he could
tell you but it was so vague that it
would there's there was no pinning down
well compare it to so you've got Brett
Kavanaugh who's being accused of this
vicious crime and he is trying to go
through what the possible date is but
even the Friends of the accuser we're
going we're doing the same thing so
Leland Keyser is named as this as this
witness and this
woman she is a lifelong friend of
Christine Beaute Ward's they grew up
together they're very close she's
politically liberal she's she's
extremely liberal and a lifelong
Democrat did not want Brett Kavanaugh on
the court right she is she is the person
who can basically save the day all she
needs to do is say yes I remember this
party but she is also someone who cares
very deeply about rules and honesty
she's in recovery so it's a very
important issue for her to be truthful
and honest she actually remembers that
summer extremely well it was a very
important summer for her and as she goes
through the summer she comes to lose
confidence that her friend is telling
the truth so it's interesting it's not
just the accuser who has to go through
this but even the friends who are trying
to be supportive who are doing the same
thing but this is a long time ago and it
you know it takes it's it was sort of a
perfect accusation in how difficult it
was to disprove and you said that
Senator Dianne Feinstein 84 years old
did something which to my mind is really
ugly in other words when we look to our
leaders for honor when I hear what she
did with the information tell us about
that again so it's interesting because
the there's a process that the Senate
has that Feinstein I mean she's 84 years
old she's been in the Senate for decades
she knows this process inside it out it
was actually created after justice
Thomas's confirmation because they said
well you know you can have allegations
like this that come out out of left
field we want to investigate them but we
don't want to do so in a way that brings
everyone out into the public eye
unnecessarily let's have a process where
you can have a confidential
investigation
she knew that happened the the process
goes they go through for every every
judge she didn't follow it she didn't
turn it over to the committee she didn't
turn it over to the FBI there was
actually an extra hour of questioning
that would be under in under
confidentiality she didn't even show up
for that and then after all of the first
hearing is done then this this claim
comes out one of the interesting things
we learned it was it did the due date on
that letter because the dates in July
and it comes out in September seeing the
date on that letter was one of the
initial things they gave Susan Collins
was very much a vote that everyone was
gunning for my brunch would play as soon
as she saw the date in that letter she
said wait a minute some
thanks wrong we're gonna go to a break
more with the book justice on trial
stick around hey folks is here from
Texas oh talking about the new book
justice on trial we'll try to get this
up on youtube today so you can watch
this if you're not yet watching it
Molly Hemingway Carrie Severino you put
this book together and it seems to me
maybe it's a strange way to put it but
it's a labor of love you love America
not in a tribalist sense but because of
what it stands for what it is what our
values are and you saw a miscarriage of
justice in what happened during the
Cavanaugh confirmation but they're key
players here you mentioned Senator
Dianne Feinstein a moment ago and what
happened behind the scenes what she did
I think you know if somebody's gonna
write a book Profiles in cowardice
it really is horrific that a senior
senator like Dianne Feinstein would be
guilty of what she seems to be guilty of
can you tell us more about what's in the
book on that what their goal was was to
delay the process that was something you
saw from the very beginning right when
the nomination is coming out they go
through paperwork you know delays and
whatnot but what I think people forgot
was you're actually dealing with a real
person with real family is his
reputation which prior to that had been
just unquestionably good is being
besmirched nationwide and it was this it
was these things that were happening in
this committee that in debt ended up
becoming like such a huge ordeal that
the senators on the committee actually
almost came to blows over it literal
blows in the and after the after the
second round of hearings has opened up
and they're about to vote on it then
there's another delay where Jeff Flake
calls for an FBI investigation but at
that point people were so frustrated
with the game playing by the Democrats
that they almost come to fights they're
all crammed into this room right off the
hearing room you have senators stepping
on each other's feet you have Coons and
flake these two senators crammed into a
tiny phone booth where they're trying to
call the FBI it was a completely chaotic
scene but what they were upset about was
that you have rules you have processes
and they were just completely violated
all for the goal of delaying this
nomination and forgetting
about the destruction well what about
flake though I mean there's another
profile in cowardice I mean the idea
that he's cornered in an elevator by
some unhinged immature maniacs I mean if
I were if I believed in women's rights
in the Equality of women the kind of
women that that screeched and behaved in
that way I thought they would be my
worst nightmare and and Jeff Flake
caved into that kind of childish
manipulation or am I missing something
here
well actually one of the interesting
things we uncovered is that that
certainly clearly played a role in that
cuz he had already announced his
intention to vote for Kavanagh and
that's part of the reason they assailed
him in that elevator and they
conveniently located CNN cameras who
happened to be right there to record the
entire thing for posterity but there was
also a long-running campaign it seems by
senator Coons when you go back and in
retrospect and start looking at his
questions in the first hearing it was
all things kind of geared to trying to
peel off flakes vote he clearly before
flake leaves that that meeting kind of
signals he gives a speech very much
directed at trying to cast doubt in
flake smite and then when they're back
in this in this room I think that was
one thing that a lot of the other
Republican senators were frustrated with
going this guy's not gonna change his
vote he's already committed to voting
against Kavanagh don't feel like you're
going to to be able to win his vote and
then another you know we also have the
Democratic senators as you said senator
Feinstein who's been there forever and
actually knows these people well and
herself maybe tends to be want to get
along with the Senators better but her
staff who repeatedly is pushing her very
much farther to the left there were
deals bipartisan deals that were that
were scuttled that had already been
agreed upon by by Feinstein the ranking
member on the committee and chairman
Grassley because they they had basically
de stablished a policy you cannot work
with the Republicans period it did turn
out that that extra week for an FBI
investigation was very helpful I run it
to the time of the effort so everybody
said all will accept what happens if the
FBI just is able to do this
investigation and they do the
investigation of course there is no
evidence to support these outlandish
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh he'd
already gone through half dozen FBI
background checks and what comes out in
that FBI that supplemental FBI
background investigation is even that
the supposed witness
does not have confidence in her friends
story that was a big important point for
a lot of Senators to have confidence in
their vote but what do you think happens
you know in in the media in the pop
culture people like Christine - Baazi
Ford are lionized for being heroic and
what you're saying is the facts do not
bear them out at what point did
Americans cease to care about due
process I mean to me these things are
sacred it's like saying I don't care if
you lie I don't believe in truth when
did that happen I think Americans do
care about these things so that's what I
think that's why people are so
interested in the both but they're
enough thank God that do but there are
I'm concerned about is that many people
in the media didn't seem to care about
this at all right and they had these
completely different standards for how
they would cover Brett Kavanaugh
particularly his high school years
versus how they were covering other
people involved in the story and their
high school years as they were going in
great detail over his high school
yearbook and completely missing out you
know when our reporting showed that the
accusers friends had a very different
idea of what she was like in high school
than what was painted in the media you
know her friends remembered someone who
was much a heavy drinker in high school
who was much more aggressive with boys
than they were that didn't come out in
the media coverage and that is such a
problem because we do need a good strong
media who can just dispassionately
report on the issues without taking
sides that did not happen in this case
well that's the kind of thing that that
really concerns me from my country well
when when the president talks about fake
news he seems to be talking about that
this kind of thing and then the media
pushes back by saying he doesn't believe
in the First Amendment and all this kind
of nonsense in other words journalists
mainly have abdicated a role that they
once had that that was considered sacred
that they had to go to the standard I
mean for example when we're talking
about due process with the me2 movement
and then with the cabinet hearings that
really was somehow thrown out the window
and isn't it the job of the media to
talk about that kind of thing and
particularly if you care about issues
like sexual harassment of women if you
do think people should be held
accountable that means that you do have
standards for how you cover stories like
this and you do have standards of
evidence you know there are courts of
law standards of evidence but their
Journal
some standards of evidence and we saw
stories written where people just didn't
care at all they were just growing with
wild allegations without any support and
even more disturbing because obviously
we want to have a press that is going to
be fair and balanced and telling us the
truth and not hiding information which
we found lots of examples of but it was
even more disturbing to me to see that
our elected representatives who have
taken an oath to uphold the Constitution
who really themselves should we should
be holding them to an even higher
standard we're willing to completely
throw out the notions of due process and
they hid behind this idea of well this
isn't a court of law this is a job
interview they said with you again
without respect to the fact that this is
someone's life and reputation you are
absolutely destroying and dragging
through the mud and so we do go a little
bit into the history I mean this due
process isn't just something about
happens to be in our Constitution and so
we believe in that this what far
predates this hundreds of years okay I
want to hang on right there because I
want to get into that when we come back
folks the book is justice on trial
Molly Hemingway and Cary Severino are my
guest stick around
don't mention it folks is here equity
taxes show justice on trial is the book
Molly Hemingway carry Severino we just
have a few minutes left you Molly just
mentioned that the people who went to
high school with Christine de Blasio
Ford characterized her as a heavy
drinker and as sexually aggressive I
never heard that until just now that is
astounding to me that I have not heard
that until you just mentioned it well
and it's interesting because we found
out about this through our reporting
that the White House and the Senate were
given a lot of information and a lot of
negative information about Christine
blase Ford and they declined to run with
it they decided not to run with it
because they knew that they would be
utterly destroyed by the media Judah's
attacking a victim we also found out
that the media knew these stories now
this is actually kind of a thing that's
talked about quite openly in Washington
DC where she grew up
her family is well known her friends are
well known they a lot of them continue
to live there the media knew these
stories and it's that issue I think that
is that is important you can kind of
understand why the Republicans didn't go
with it but why were the media putting
their thumb on the scale so much again
when they were you know going over every
detail in his yearbook and just
declining to mention what many dozens of
people were saying about the accuser you
you mentioned the book something about
what led to this nomination of Kavanagh
which was the resignation retirement
rather of of Kennedy what was
interesting about the way he retired
well that was a really fun story to
learn because it just we all remember
that that day of trying to figure out is
someone gonna retire or not we found out
that he had gone to great lengths and
kind of engaging in some spy craft and
things trying to figure out how to get
this message to the White House that he
was going to retire so they'd be
prepared with that we don't know anyone
else finding out why did he care whether
anyone would find out well you know it's
I think it was just an honor and respect
for the president partly and in wanting
to he wanted to leave on his own terms
so he met with one of his former clerks
in in the white the sculpture gardens at
the node on Capitol Hill and had had all
of his his marshals they are clear the
area make sure no one's watching he said
I need to
get this message to the president who
then has to go through White House
Counsel Don Magan without ever ever ever
anyone officially saying yes he's
retiring but trust me we need a meeting
with the president and they managed to
get a specially pre-cleared car out of
the the Supreme Court into the White
House without the press corps noticing
it was so that he was able to tell the
president first but he also met with his
colleagues before before he went to the
White House right after their final day
he wanted he wanted to give them the
message in what was so intriguing when
we talked to the other Supreme Court
justices finding out that they didn't
know even they were not aware that
Justice Kennedy was retiring he had gone
along and was talking about all the
cases they were gonna you know here next
year etcetera so that was that was
pretty incredible that okay you really
wanted that speaking of Supreme Court
justices retiring we don't have any
intelligence on who might be retiring
soon a little birdie told me
Trump will be re-elected so the point is
that we're gonna go through this again
soon do you think the Democrats and the
media will conspire to do to someone
else what they just did to Cavanaugh and
what they did to Bork successfully and
what they did to Clarence Thomas it's
fundamentally on American do you think
they're gonna do this again
well that's one of the things that we do
is go through the history of when you
see particularly divisive battles and
you take this situation where Cavanaugh
was replacing Kennedy this was a
moderate but conservative appointed
justice replaced by someone who was a
trump appointee
what's gonna happen if it's Ruth Bader
Ginsburg and she is replaced by a trump
appointee we already know his list that
he works from these are all pretty solid
justices our judges this will be so
explosive that's why we can be Barrett
Cohen she would Coneybear it was only
someone who people talk about a lot and
whoever it is though you know they're
gonna be going through a lot and that's
why it's important that people you know
you mentioned your outrage be I should
have yeah people need to know the story
what they need to fight against they
talk about the dirty went over and over
again I wrote a book called if you can
keep it if we Americans do not
understand what is happening to our
republic and fight to keep it the way
it's been it's over so let's end on that
happy note it's up to us to keep their
public Molly and Carrie
thank you so much and God bless you for
the work you've done tremendous thank
you we have pillows in America but the
best pillows are my pillow my Bella but
the reason I bring it up and a lot of
people watching don't know this Mike
Lyndell you know he advertises on a lot
of programs a lot but they always put up
a code like put in this code and you get
a discount right but what people don't
know and I don't care if it's on Fox or
whatever it is if you put in a code
other than our code mm-hmm those are all
Democrat codes really I knew it I'm
telling you
so you put in the word Eric er IC also
happens to be your son is named Eric
that is correct one of the reasons my
parents named me Eric even though I'm
older right he just thought I knew it
was coming as an omok I kind of you know
sort of see well they were there pre she
n't but the point is that if we're where
they from you know I forget it's so long
ago I was like near Persia I wasn't even
born but but the point is that I went if
we have a pillow Albin do we a pill we
always keep pillows ahead and as you're
feeling it think invented while on crack
cocaine ended while on crack I'm not a
drug person but if you know if you can
come up with this on credit anyway so
that's what you could do what the point
is but this pillow and the sheets and
everything
if you don't judge Egyptians Egyptian
sheets and the code is Eric Eric Eric
but but the thing that people don't know
is if you put in the code Eric you get a
fabulous discount huge discount terrific
tremendous discount if you don't put in
the code Eric you can also put in
metaxas but if you don't do that people
don't realize it's a democrat discount
oh then it goes to an oval OC Oh Nancy
Palooza crazy Bernie I mean we have to
imagine I think they people should only
use your discount code mr. president I
just want to say thank you very much
oh it's yours thank you thank you very
much thanks for watching folks
there's overlap
[Music]